Alloyd DB vectorstore documentation (#20)
averikitsch/langchaingo: examples/alloydb-vectorstore-example/README.md

This example demonstrates how to use [AlloyDB for Postgres](https://cloud.google.com/products/alloydb) for vector similarity search with LangChain in Go.

## What This Example Does

1. **Creates a AlloyDB VectorStore:**
   - Initializes the `alloydb.PostgresEngine` object to establish a connection to the AlloyDB database.
   - Initializes a new table to store embeddings.
   - Initializes a `alloydb.VectorStore` object using a VertexAI model for embeddings.

2. **Initializes VertexAI Embeddings:**
    - Creates an embeddings client using the VertexAI API.

3. **Adds Sample Documents:**
    - Inserts several documents (cities) with metadata into the vector store.
    - Each document includes the city name, population, and area.

4. **Performs Similarity Searches:**
    - Basic search for documents similar to "Japan".

## How to Run the Example

1. Set the following environment variables. Your AlloyDB values can be found in the [Google Cloud Console](https://console.cloud.google.com/alloydb/clusters)):
   ```
   export VERTEX_LOCATION=<your vertex location>
   export ALLOYDB_USERNAME=<your user>
   export ALLOYDB_PASSWORD=<your password>
   export ALLOYDB_DATABASE=<your database>

>    export ALLOYDB_PROJECT_ID=<your project Id>

Reviewer: Can we use PROJECT_ID instead of ALLOYDB_PROJECT_ID and list it as the first env var?

Author: done!

>    export VERTEX_LOCATION=<your vertex location>
>    export ALLOYDB_USERNAME=<your user>
>    export ALLOYDB_PASSWORD=<your password>
>    export ALLOYDB_DATABASE=<your database>
>    export ALLOYDB_PROJECT_ID=<your project Id>
>    export ALLOYDB_REGION=<your region>
>    export ALLOYDB_INSTANCE=<your instance>
>    export ALLOYDB_CLUSTER=<your cluster>
>    export ALLOYDB_TABLE=<your tablename>

Reviewer: This order is more intuitive for our users
```suggestion
   export PROJECT_ID=<your project Id>
   export VERTEX_LOCATION=<your vertex location>
   export ALLOYDB_USERNAME=<your user>
   export ALLOYDB_PASSWORD=<your password>
   export ALLOYDB_REGION=<your region>
   export ALLOYDB_CLUSTER=<your cluster>
   export ALLOYDB_INSTANCE=<your instance>
   export ALLOYDB_DATABASE=<your database>
   export ALLOYDB_TABLE=<your tablename>
```

Author: done!

# Google AlloyDB Vector Store Example

This example demonstrates how to use [AlloyDB for Postgres](https://cloud.google.com/products/alloydb) for vector similarity search with LangChain in Go.

## What This Example Does

> 1. **Creates a Alloydb VectorStore:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Creates a AlloyDB VectorStore:**
```

>    - Establishes a connection to the AlloyDB database.
>    - Initializes the `alloydb.PostgresEngine` object.

Reviewer 2: nit: I think these are the same thing? Maybe rephrase as follows: 
```suggestion
   - Initializes the `alloydb.PostgresEngine` object, which handles connections to the AlloyDB instance. 
```

>    - Establishes a connection to the AlloyDB database.
>    - Initializes the `alloydb.PostgresEngine` object.
>    - Initializes a `alloydb.VectorStore` objects using VertexAI embeddings.
>    - Requires the environment variables to be set for it to work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Initializes the `alloydb.PostgresEngine` object to establish a connection to the AlloyDB database.
   - Initializes a new table to store embeddings.
   - Initializes a `alloydb.VectorStore` object using a VertexAI model for embeddings.
```

2. **Initializes VertexAI Embeddings:**
    - Creates an embeddings client using the VertexAI API.

>     - Requires an VertexAI API key to be set as an environment variable.

Reviewer: remove line since we don't require an API key

3. **Adds Sample Documents:**
    - Inserts several documents (cities) with metadata into the vector store.
    - Each document includes the city name, population, and area.

4. **Performs Similarity Searches:**
    - Basic search for documents similar to "Japan".

## How to Run the Example

> 1. Set your Google VertexAI VERTEX_PROJECT, VERTEX_LOCATION and your environment variables (These can be found at [AlloyDB Instance](https://console.cloud.google.com/alloydb/clusters)):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set the following environment variables. Your AlloyDB values can be found in the [Google Cloud Console](https://console.cloud.google.com/alloydb/clusters)):
```

   ```

>    export VERTEX_PROJECT=<your vertex project>

Reviewer: Can we set 1 env var for project like PROJECT_ID instead of using both vertex_projct and alloydb_project_id?

   export VERTEX_LOCATION=<your vertex location>
   export ALLOYDB_USERNAME=<your user>
   export ALLOYDB_PASSWORD=<your password>
   export ALLOYDB_DATABASE=<your database>
   export ALLOYDB_PROJECT_ID=<your project Id>
   export ALLOYDB_REGION=<your region>
   export ALLOYDB_INSTANCE=<your instance>
   export ALLOYDB_CLUSTER=<your cluster>
   export ALLOYDB_TABLE=<your tablename>
   ```

2. Run the Go example:
   ```
   go run alloydb_vectorstore_example.go
   ```

## Key Features

> - Integration of AlloyDB vectorstore with VertexAI embeddings
> - Similarity search
> - Adding documents into AlloyDB with pgvector extension

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This example demonstrates how to use `alloydb.PostgresEngine` for connection pooling.
- It shows how to integrate with VertexAI embeddings models.
- Run the code to add documents and perform a similarity search with `alloydb.VectorStore`.
```

> # Alloydb VectorStore Embeddings Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Google AlloyDB Vector Store Example
```

> This example demonstrates how to use alloydb along with pgvector, a PostgreSQL extension for vector similarity search, with OpenAI embeddings in a Go application. It showcases the integration of langchain-go, OpenAI's API, and pgvector to create a powerful vector database for similarity searches.

Reviewer 2: Also suggest links to AlloyDB and pgvector on first use 

```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to use AlloyDB along with pgvector, a PostgreSQL extension for vector similarity search, with OpenAI embeddings in a Go application. It showcases the integration of langchain-go, OpenAI's API, and pgvector to create a powerful vector database for similarity searches.
```

> This example demonstrates how to use alloydb along with pgvector, a PostgreSQL extension for vector similarity search, with OpenAI embeddings in a Go application. It showcases the integration of langchain-go, OpenAI's API, and pgvector to create a powerful vector database for similarity searches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to use [AlloyDB for Postgres](https://cloud.google.com/products/alloydb) for vector similarity search with LangChain in Go.
```

## What This Example Does

> 1. **Initializes OpenAI Embeddings:**

Reviewer 2: nit: Can we use hugging face instead?

Reviewer: We can use a Vertex model

    - Creates an embeddings client using the OpenAI API.
    - Requires an OpenAI API key to be set as an environment variable.

> 3. **Creates a Alloydb VectorStore:**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. **Creates a AlloyDB VectorStore:**
```

>     - Establishes a connection to the alloydb database.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Establishes a connection to the AlloyDB database.
```

>     - Initializes the alloydb Postgres engine.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Initializes the `alloydb.PostgresEngine` object.
```

>     - Initializes a vector store using alloydb vectorstore and OpenAI embeddings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Initializes a `alloydb.VectorStore` objects using OpenAI embeddings.
```

>     - Requires the environment variables to be set for it to work.

Reviewer 2: nit: suggest moving this to the top of the list

4. **Adds Sample Documents:**
    - Inserts several documents (cities) with metadata into the vector store.
    - Each document includes the city name, population, and area.

5. **Performs Similarity Searches:**
    - Demonstrates various types of similarity searches:
      a. Basic search for documents similar to "japan".
      b. Search for South American cities with a score threshold.

>       c. Search with both score threshold and metadata filtering.

Reviewer: These are not rendering as a list

## How to Run the Example

> 1. Set your OpenAI API key and your environment variables:

Reviewer: Add a note that you can find your database values, in the [AlloyDB Instances page](https://console.cloud.google.com/alloydb/clusters)
